README.md, before:

# Awesome Inspiration [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Codeship Status for swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration](https://app.codeship.com/projects/4ac95290-2237-0136-0375-32ba36ce517b/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/285996) [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/fork) [![open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration.svg)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue) [![closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration.svg)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed) [![Open Source Helpers](https://www.codetriage.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/swapagarwal.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/swapagarwal)

> 🔥 A curated list of content worth sharing to help you get inspired! ⚡️

## Contents

- [Movies](#movies)
- [Posts](#posts)
- [Quotes](#quotes)
- [Songs](#songs)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Books](#books)

## Movies

- The Pursuit of Happyness [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0454921/) [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Pursuit_of_Happyness)
  - [Basketball Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPEdwaLQLag) Don't ever let somebody tell you... You can't do something. Not even me. All right? You got a dream... You gotta protect it. People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period.
  - [Ending Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8-7mHT9edg) This part of my life... this part right here? This is called "happyness."
- Facing the Giants [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0805526/) [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facing_the_Giants)
  - [The Death Crawl Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sUKoKQlEC4) The scene where the football coach gets the most influential player on the team to do a blind-fold crawl, so that he would not know how far he could go, while carrying a teammate on his back. The coach pushes him with extreme motivation and tells him to never quit. Even when the player yells it hurts, the coach yells "let it!". The player finally drops and he has made it all the way to the end zone, where the coach tells him how important it is for an influential individual to lead by example.
- Rocky Balboa [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0479143/) [Wikipedia](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocky_Balboa_(film)>)
  - [Inspirational Speech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_Vg4uyYwEk) Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But ya gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody! Cowards do that and that ain't you! You're better than that!

## Posts

- [Nobody’s going to help you. It’s all up to you.](https://sivers.org/up2you)
- [Elon Musk: Success Story](https://www.investopedia.com/university/elon-musk-biography/elon-musk-success-story.asp)

## Quotes

- Michael Jordan
  - I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. <br> ![](https://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-i-ve-missed-more-than-9000-shots-in-my-career-i-ve-lost-almost-300-games-26-times-i-michael-jordan-15-6-0618.jpg)
- Will Smith
  - The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill. I will not be out-worked, period. You might have more talent than me, you might be smarter than me, you might be sexier than me, you might be all of those things you got it on me in nine categories. But if we get on the treadmill together, there's two things: You're getting off first, or I'm going to die. It's really that simple, right? <br> ![](https://image.slidesharecdn.com/pppt-willsmith-140925035833-phpapp01/95/will-smith-quotes-9-638.jpg?cb=1411617693)
- Steven Furtick
  - The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel. <br> ![](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/46/45/c3/4645c3caec17c4bdb22a4bad231fd16d.jpg)
- Dr. Seuss
  - Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
- Rabindranath Tagore 
  - You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
- George Bernard Shaw
  -  Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -0-
- Sadhguru 
  - If you resist change, you resist life.
- Osho  
  - You feel good, you feel bad, and these feelings are bubbling from your own unconsciousness, from your own past. Nobody is responsible except you. Nobody can make you angry, and nobody can make you happy.
- Mark Cuban
  - Work like there is someone working 24 hours a day to take it all away from you! <br> ![](https://succeedfeed.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/mark-cuban-quote-work-like-24.jpg)
- Mark Twain
  - The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.<br> ![](https://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/famous-people-inspiring-quotes-3b-5cb43958baf96__700.jpg)
- William Shakespeare
  - No legacy is so rich as honesty. <br> ![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CvZATfpUIAEg_7i.jpg)
- Jürgen Klopp
  - I lost the last six finals I was in. They were hardly the best days of my life, but they didn't make me a broken person. For me, life is about trying again and again. <br> ![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D8NkGYHXkAApBgg.jpg)
- Bruce Lee
  - Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless — like water. Now you put water in a cup, it becomes the cup; You put water into a bottle it becomes the bottle; You put it in a teapot it becomes the teapot. Now water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend. 
- Socrates
  - I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think. <br> ![](https://live.staticflickr.com/5759/23059484096_7b09e7ae1f_b.jpg)
- Rick Warren
  - True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.
- Ir. Soekarno
  - Rose <b>never</b> propagandize its fragnant, but its own fragnant spreads through its surrounding. <br> ![](https://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-rose-never-propagandize-its-fragrant-but-its-own-fragrance-spreads-through-its-surrounding-sukarno-109-63-43.jpg)
- David Goggins
  - Most people who are criticizing and judging haven't even tried what you failed at. <br> ![]()
- Jimmy Dean
  - I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. <br> ![](http://www.power-living.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/JimmyDeanSailcflatJ.jpg)

## Songs

| Song Name                        |                        YouTube                         |                                      Wikipedia                                    |                                       Lyrics                                       |
| -------------------------------  | :----------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Hall of Fame                     | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk48xRzuNvA) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hall_of_Fame_(song))                    | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/script/halloffame.html)                   |
| Don't You Worry Child            | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y6smkh6c-0) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_You_Worry_Child)                | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/swedishhousemafia/dontyouworrychild.html) |
| Remember the Name                | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDvr08sCPOc) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remember_the_Name)                      | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/fortminor/rememberthename.html)           |
| It's My Life                     | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It%27s_My_Life_(Bon_Jovi_song))         | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bonjovi/itsmylife.html)                   |
| Macklemore x Ryan Lewis "WINGS"  | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAg3uMlNyHA) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wings_(Macklemore_%26_Ryan_Lewis_song)) | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/macklemore/wings.html)                    |
| This is Me (The Reimagined Remix)| [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NziAZIxb3lg) | missing                                                                           | [Lyrics](https://genius.com/Keala-settle-kesha-and-missy-elliott-this-is-me-the-reimagined-remix-lyrics) |
| Firework                         | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGJuMBdaqIw&list=PLTd6y4Jz24ge-OoGMjwFK8mGq7PoZ1jPg&index=11) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firework_(song)) | [Lyrics](https://genius.com/Katy-perry-firework-lyrics)  |
| Dream On                         | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzTZ76vhnKk) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dream_On_(Aerosmith_song))              | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/aerosmith/dreamon.html)                   |
| Wind of Change                   | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/n4RjJKxsamQ)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wind_of_Change_(Scorpions_song))        | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/scorpions/windofchange.html)              |
| We Are The Champions             | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/04854XqcfCY)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_Are_the_Champions)                   | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/queen/wearethechampions.html)             |
| Eye of the Tiger                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/btPJPFnesV4)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_of_the_Tiger)                       | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/survivor/eyeofthetiger.html)              |
| In The Air Tonight               | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/gZrcUDRUBjw)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_the_Air_Tonight)                     | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/philcollins/intheairtonight.html)         |
| Drive                            | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/fgT9zGkiLig)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drive_(Incubus_song))                   | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/incubus/drive.html)                       |
| Beautiful Day                    | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/co6WMzDOh1o)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beautiful_Day)                          | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/u2band/beautifulday.html)                 |
| I Feel Good                      | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/SzlpTRNIAvc)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Got_You_(I_Feel_Good))                | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/jamesbrown/igotyouifeelgood.html)         |
| Walk                             | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/4PkcfQtibmU)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walk_(Foo_Fighters_song))               | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/foofighters/walk.html)                    |
| Whatever It Takes                | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOsM-DYAEhY) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whatever_It_Takes_(Imagine_Dragons_song)) | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/imaginedragons/whateverittakes.html)    |
| Imagine                          | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/XLgYAHHkPFs)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imagine_(John_Lennon_song))             | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/johnlennon/imagine.html)                  |
| Miracles                         | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9BPMjL44Aw) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miracles_(Coldplay_song))               | [Lyrics](https://genius.com/Coldplay-miracles-someone-special-lyrics)              |
| Inhale Positivity                | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxpJVgwd88U) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhale_Positivity)                      | [Lyrics](https://www.lyrics.com/lyric/27607414/Inhale+Positivity)                  |

## Videos

- [Inspiring Story of Robert Downey Jr.](https://www.facebook.com/TheBornRealist/videos/919818351502217)
- [Steve Jobs narrates the first Think different commercial "Here's to the Crazy Ones"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rwsuXHA7RA)
- [This is what Peter Dinklage walked away from, to become Tyrion Lannister](https://www.facebook.com/goalcast/videos/1487480434662475)
- [What they don't see is the mountain](https://www.facebook.com/goalcast/videos/1364131340330719)
- [A clever lesson in self-worth](https://www.facebook.com/diply/videos/1453994404678917)
- [Professor Ndubuisi Ekekwe Inspiring Africans at The Tony Elumelu Foundation Program 2017](https://youtu.be/_WYoQgdZxkI)
- [It all starts from within](https://www.facebook.com/philippinesreportcom/videos/1908189436175704)
- [The poetry of programming, Linda Liukas](https://youtu.be/-jRREn6ifEQ)

<details><summary>Hindi</summary>

- <a href="https://www.facebook.com/hrithikroshan/videos/10156426479529407" target="_blank">Don't fear... fear</a><br>
- <a href="https://www.facebook.com/BuddyBits/videos/1997502376986459" target="_blank">Never lose hope. Universe will make it happen. 🙂</a><br>
- <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6agY0okQiAg" target="_blank">WHY SMILING CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE by Gaur Gopal Das</a>
  </details>

## Books

- Screw It Lets Do It: Lessons in Life, by Richard Branson
- The Art of Happiness, by Dalai Lama
- The Magic of Thinking Big, by David J Schwartz
- Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff, by Richard Carlson
- The Gifts of Imperfection, by Brene Brown

## Contributing

Feel free to open an issue (or even better, send a Pull Request) for expanding this list. Contributions are very welcome!! 😄

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/swap" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: auto !important;width: auto !important;" ></a>
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=7999565" target="_blank"><img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png" alt="Become a Patron!" height="41"></a>

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Swapnil Agarwal](http://swapnil.net) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

added a quote from John Henry Newman

README.md, after:

# Awesome Inspiration [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) [![Codeship Status for swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration](https://app.codeship.com/projects/4ac95290-2237-0136-0375-32ba36ce517b/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/285996) [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/fork) [![open issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration.svg)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue) [![closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration.svg)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed) [![Open Source Helpers](https://www.codetriage.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/swapagarwal.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/swapagarwal)

> 🔥 A curated list of content worth sharing to help you get inspired! ⚡️

## Contents

- [Movies](#movies)
- [Posts](#posts)
- [Quotes](#quotes)
- [Songs](#songs)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Books](#books)

## Movies

- The Pursuit of Happyness [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0454921/) [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Pursuit_of_Happyness)
  - [Basketball Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPEdwaLQLag) Don't ever let somebody tell you... You can't do something. Not even me. All right? You got a dream... You gotta protect it. People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period.
  - [Ending Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8-7mHT9edg) This part of my life... this part right here? This is called "happyness."
- Facing the Giants [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0805526/) [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facing_the_Giants)
  - [The Death Crawl Scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sUKoKQlEC4) The scene where the football coach gets the most influential player on the team to do a blind-fold crawl, so that he would not know how far he could go, while carrying a teammate on his back. The coach pushes him with extreme motivation and tells him to never quit. Even when the player yells it hurts, the coach yells "let it!". The player finally drops and he has made it all the way to the end zone, where the coach tells him how important it is for an influential individual to lead by example.
- Rocky Balboa [IMDb](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0479143/) [Wikipedia](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocky_Balboa_(film)>)
  - [Inspirational Speech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_Vg4uyYwEk) Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But ya gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody! Cowards do that and that ain't you! You're better than that!

## Posts

- [Nobody’s going to help you. It’s all up to you.](https://sivers.org/up2you)
- [Elon Musk: Success Story](https://www.investopedia.com/university/elon-musk-biography/elon-musk-success-story.asp)

## Quotes

- Michael Jordan
  - I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. <br> ![](https://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-i-ve-missed-more-than-9000-shots-in-my-career-i-ve-lost-almost-300-games-26-times-i-michael-jordan-15-6-0618.jpg)
- Will Smith
  - The only thing that I see that is distinctly different about me is I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill. I will not be out-worked, period. You might have more talent than me, you might be smarter than me, you might be sexier than me, you might be all of those things you got it on me in nine categories. But if we get on the treadmill together, there's two things: You're getting off first, or I'm going to die. It's really that simple, right? <br> ![](https://image.slidesharecdn.com/pppt-willsmith-140925035833-phpapp01/95/will-smith-quotes-9-638.jpg?cb=1411617693)
- Steven Furtick
  - The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel. <br> ![](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/46/45/c3/4645c3caec17c4bdb22a4bad231fd16d.jpg)
- Dr. Seuss
  - Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
- John Henry Newman
  - To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.
- Rabindranath Tagore 
  - You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
- George Bernard Shaw
  -  Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. -0-
- Sadhguru 
  - If you resist change, you resist life.
- Osho  
  - You feel good, you feel bad, and these feelings are bubbling from your own unconsciousness, from your own past. Nobody is responsible except you. Nobody can make you angry, and nobody can make you happy.
- Mark Cuban
  - Work like there is someone working 24 hours a day to take it all away from you! <br> ![](https://succeedfeed.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/mark-cuban-quote-work-like-24.jpg)
- Mark Twain
  - The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.<br> ![](https://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/famous-people-inspiring-quotes-3b-5cb43958baf96__700.jpg)
- William Shakespeare
  - No legacy is so rich as honesty. <br> ![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CvZATfpUIAEg_7i.jpg)
- Jürgen Klopp
  - I lost the last six finals I was in. They were hardly the best days of my life, but they didn't make me a broken person. For me, life is about trying again and again. <br> ![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D8NkGYHXkAApBgg.jpg)
- Bruce Lee
  - Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless — like water. Now you put water in a cup, it becomes the cup; You put water into a bottle it becomes the bottle; You put it in a teapot it becomes the teapot. Now water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend. 
- Socrates
  - I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think. <br> ![](https://live.staticflickr.com/5759/23059484096_7b09e7ae1f_b.jpg)
- Rick Warren
  - True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.
- Ir. Soekarno
  - Rose <b>never</b> propagandize its fragnant, but its own fragnant spreads through its surrounding. <br> ![](https://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-rose-never-propagandize-its-fragrant-but-its-own-fragrance-spreads-through-its-surrounding-sukarno-109-63-43.jpg)
- David Goggins
  - Most people who are criticizing and judging haven't even tried what you failed at. <br> ![]()
- Jimmy Dean
  - I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. <br> ![](http://www.power-living.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/JimmyDeanSailcflatJ.jpg)

## Songs

| Song Name                        |                        YouTube                         |                                      Wikipedia                                    |                                       Lyrics                                       |
| -------------------------------  | :----------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Hall of Fame                     | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk48xRzuNvA) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hall_of_Fame_(song))                    | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/script/halloffame.html)                   |
| Don't You Worry Child            | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y6smkh6c-0) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_You_Worry_Child)                | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/swedishhousemafia/dontyouworrychild.html) |
| Remember the Name                | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDvr08sCPOc) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remember_the_Name)                      | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/fortminor/rememberthename.html)           |
| It's My Life                     | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It%27s_My_Life_(Bon_Jovi_song))         | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/bonjovi/itsmylife.html)                   |
| Macklemore x Ryan Lewis "WINGS"  | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAg3uMlNyHA) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wings_(Macklemore_%26_Ryan_Lewis_song)) | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/macklemore/wings.html)                    |
| This is Me (The Reimagined Remix)| [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NziAZIxb3lg) | missing                                                                           | [Lyrics](https://genius.com/Keala-settle-kesha-and-missy-elliott-this-is-me-the-reimagined-remix-lyrics) |
| Firework                         | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGJuMBdaqIw&list=PLTd6y4Jz24ge-OoGMjwFK8mGq7PoZ1jPg&index=11) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firework_(song)) | [Lyrics](https://genius.com/Katy-perry-firework-lyrics)  |
| Dream On                         | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzTZ76vhnKk) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dream_On_(Aerosmith_song))              | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/aerosmith/dreamon.html)                   |
| Wind of Change                   | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/n4RjJKxsamQ)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wind_of_Change_(Scorpions_song))        | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/scorpions/windofchange.html)              |
| We Are The Champions             | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/04854XqcfCY)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/We_Are_the_Champions)                   | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/queen/wearethechampions.html)             |
| Eye of the Tiger                 | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/btPJPFnesV4)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_of_the_Tiger)                       | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/survivor/eyeofthetiger.html)              |
| In The Air Tonight               | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/gZrcUDRUBjw)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_the_Air_Tonight)                     | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/philcollins/intheairtonight.html)         |
| Drive                            | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/fgT9zGkiLig)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drive_(Incubus_song))                   | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/incubus/drive.html)                       |
| Beautiful Day                    | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/co6WMzDOh1o)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beautiful_Day)                          | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/u2band/beautifulday.html)                 |
| I Feel Good                      | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/SzlpTRNIAvc)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Got_You_(I_Feel_Good))                | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/jamesbrown/igotyouifeelgood.html)         |
| Walk                             | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/4PkcfQtibmU)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walk_(Foo_Fighters_song))               | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/foofighters/walk.html)                    |
| Whatever It Takes                | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOsM-DYAEhY) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whatever_It_Takes_(Imagine_Dragons_song)) | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/imaginedragons/whateverittakes.html)    |
| Imagine                          | [YouTube](https://youtu.be/XLgYAHHkPFs)                | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imagine_(John_Lennon_song))             | [Lyrics](https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/johnlennon/imagine.html)                  |
| Miracles                         | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9BPMjL44Aw) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miracles_(Coldplay_song))               | [Lyrics](https://genius.com/Coldplay-miracles-someone-special-lyrics)              |
| Inhale Positivity                | [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxpJVgwd88U) | [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhale_Positivity)                      | [Lyrics](https://www.lyrics.com/lyric/27607414/Inhale+Positivity)                  |

## Videos

- [Inspiring Story of Robert Downey Jr.](https://www.facebook.com/TheBornRealist/videos/919818351502217)
- [Steve Jobs narrates the first Think different commercial "Here's to the Crazy Ones"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rwsuXHA7RA)
- [This is what Peter Dinklage walked away from, to become Tyrion Lannister](https://www.facebook.com/goalcast/videos/1487480434662475)
- [What they don't see is the mountain](https://www.facebook.com/goalcast/videos/1364131340330719)
- [A clever lesson in self-worth](https://www.facebook.com/diply/videos/1453994404678917)
- [Professor Ndubuisi Ekekwe Inspiring Africans at The Tony Elumelu Foundation Program 2017](https://youtu.be/_WYoQgdZxkI)
- [It all starts from within](https://www.facebook.com/philippinesreportcom/videos/1908189436175704)
- [The poetry of programming, Linda Liukas](https://youtu.be/-jRREn6ifEQ)

<details><summary>Hindi</summary>

- <a href="https://www.facebook.com/hrithikroshan/videos/10156426479529407" target="_blank">Don't fear... fear</a><br>
- <a href="https://www.facebook.com/BuddyBits/videos/1997502376986459" target="_blank">Never lose hope. Universe will make it happen. 🙂</a><br>
- <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6agY0okQiAg" target="_blank">WHY SMILING CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE by Gaur Gopal Das</a>
  </details>

## Books

- Screw It Lets Do It: Lessons in Life, by Richard Branson
- The Art of Happiness, by Dalai Lama
- The Magic of Thinking Big, by David J Schwartz
- Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff, by Richard Carlson
- The Gifts of Imperfection, by Brene Brown

## Contributing

Feel free to open an issue (or even better, send a Pull Request) for expanding this list. Contributions are very welcome!! 😄

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/swap" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: auto !important;width: auto !important;" ></a>
<a href="https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=7999565" target="_blank"><img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png" alt="Become a Patron!" height="41"></a>

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Swapnil Agarwal](http://swapnil.net) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
